For Assignment 3, I created a maze where players need to work together to solve puzzles in order to escape. As for the PvP game, I made a 2D rock-paper-scissors game.
In the maze game, players first spawn at the entrance of the maze. There are two keys that players need to collect in order to escape the room at the end. The first trap is a spike trap that moves towards each other. One player needs to hold the button to let the second player go through and collect the key behind it. Only when one player is safe to go, the environment will turn green. The second puzzle is a giant door. One player needs to pull the handle for the door to go up, and the other player can collect the second key inside. The third puzzle is a double-opened door, where they both need to click on the button on the wall to make the door open. Finally, when they reach the endpoint, they need both of the keys they collected before to escape the maze. Once they click the button, a text will be shown if they have both keys collected.
As for the rock-paper-scissors game, both players click on the button representing their choice, and the winner’s name will be shown.
For the challenges of Assignment 3, I couldn’t get the double-opened door to work properly. Every time I tried to rotate it, it would rotate around one point, but the object itself wouldn’t rotate. The same issue occurred with the gears for the second giant door. I was planning to add animation to the gears so that when a player pulls the handle, the gears will spin. The second challenge was with the giant door. I wanted it to shut as the player’s cursor leaves the handle, but I could only get the handle to go back to its original place without the door returning to its original coordinate.


Sorry, I am writing to inform you of my late submission for assignment 3. Last week was particularly challenging for me as I had interviews, was working on my portfolio, and had other major assignments due in the same week. Despite my best efforts and using the forgiveness clause, I was only able to submit the assignment a few hours late.

I understand the importance of adhering to deadlines and I sincerely apologize for any inconvenience my late submission may have caused. I would be grateful if you could still accept it. Thank you for your understanding and consideration.
